Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Subtitles by explosiveskull
Hey, where should we
hang these lights?
Elias will know for sure.
Why not put them
over there?
This will be just perfect for
the aurora borealis festival.
Aw, it's gonna be
great fun!
We probably should have sent out
more invitations on Boatbook.
Do you think many more people
will come this year?
Ha! Why would anyone come
to an aurora borealis festival
when there's no
aurora borealis to see?
Just a big storm brewin'.
Well, then, we can have
a festival just for us.
Bah!
Huh?
Look, here comes
the Queen of the Sea!
Maybe even more boats
will be coming from Big Harbor.
Big Harbor!
What do they have
we don't have right here?
Well, a festive atmosphere?
- Humph!
- Whoa!
Food! Food! Food!
- Where to?
- To find food!
Big boat means pickings!
Huh?
Ah, ma'am,
where are you going?
Are you in a rush?
I simply must get to Big
Harbor before the storm hits.
Big storm?
But what about the festival?
You can just forget
about the festival.
No boat should be out now.
Whoa!
Gerald from Big Harbor,
calling all rescue boats.
Yes, Elias here.
Hi, Elias.
We have a report of a vessel
observed down at the Black Hole.
Oh! The Black Hole!
The Black Hole?
In this weather?
- Oh.
- That boat is driftwood already.
I have motor trouble.
Can't go out.
Any chance of you
getting out there?
Uh... Yes, sir.
I'll head out right away.
Thanks, Elias.
Be careful.
And listen, I owe you one.
The Black Hole?
Do you know how many ships
have vanished there,
and never come out again?
It's much too dangerous
for a little boat.
Well, good thing
I'm not little anymore.
Well, well.
Oh, my schedule.
I have to continue on.
Ship ahoy.
No go here!
Oh! Oh!
That was close.
Hello!
I'm Elias, the rescue boat.
Yeah, I can see that.
And who are you gonna rescue?
You?
I don't need
to be rescued!
I just need to get
my motor started again.
- I think I'm gonna try to...
- Oi!
Hey, watch it, will ya?
Don't push me into that cliff!
I'm doing
the best I can!
Go, get some help,
you imbecile!
I can't get through the radio.
Of course not.
There's too much electromagnetic
interference around here.
Don't you know anything?
Honestly, who sends
a baby rescue boat?
Baby?
I'm no baby.
Hey!
This isn't the way
to Big Harbor.
No.
We're going to Cosy Cove.
Cosy Cove?
Not that town.
I know my way to Cosy Cove.
It's my home,
and I'm not taking any chances
in strange waters,
especially in this storm.
How crazy can he be, going out to the
Black Hole when a storm is coming?
- He must be totally nuts.
- Shush.
He doesn't scare me.
Huh? Where... Where am I?
In Cosy Cove.
We're on our way
to get a berth for you.
A berth? Ugh!
No, forget about it.
Do you have a shipyard?
I need to, uh, repair my motor.
But now? It's the
middle of the night.
Yeah. Most guys will think
it's a real treat
to get to repair a boat from Big Harbor like me.
Oh! My fish!
I hate fish.
We could
try to wake up Goliath.
Not like that,
you numskull!
Ugh!
I thought
you were gone for good.
Not me. I always
come back, Dippy.
No aurora
borealis tonight either.
What's that over there?
No. It's just the city lights
from Big Harbor.
Good night, Elias.
Good night, Dippy.
Ah, dios mio.
What's your name?
Give me a hand, will you?
I don't have
any hands.
But I have mayonnaise.
- Get him!
- You see these claws?
Hah!
Good morning, Swifty.
Sleep well?
I've heard of early birds,
but you are an early boat.
That was some storm
last night.
Sure was.
So how's Vinnie doing?
He left before the sun came up.
Oh! He didn't
even say thanks?
No, bit of an oddball.
I hope you don't make it
a habit of rescuing boats
from the Black Hole
in the middle of the night.
Do I have a lot of dents?
No, just small stuff.
I'm thinking about that fellow
you towed in last night,
that fellow, Vincent?
His name is Vinnie.
Strange type.
He wanted me
to repair the motor,
but was very careful I didn't
look into his cargo hold.
Maybe he was just shy.
Not that he has
any reason to be.
There's no part of a boat
I haven't seen before.
There's our hero, all right.
I was just
doing my job.
Is it your job
to be an idiot?
- You could have been smashed to bits out there.
- Oh! Take it easy.
You gotta be more careful.
Toot-toot! Make way
for the messenger boat.
I have a message
for the rescue boat Elias
from Her Deep-Floating Highness,
Queen of the Sea.
Ahem. In light
of your heroic deeds
performed with valor
during the night,
Queen of the Sea,
on behalf of Big Harbor
and all vessels who have been
or ever will be in danger,
invites you to
the aforementioned harbor.
Big Harbor, that is,
to receive a surprise...
End of message.
Understood?
Uh, not completely.
In light
of your heroic deeds,
Queen of the Sea...
I get that the Queen of the Sea
wants me to go to Big Harbor.
But why? What happens then?
That information
is classified.
That's the whole idea
behind a surprise.
- Understood?
- Yes.
Well, if the Queen of the Sea
is inviting us,
then we have to accept.
Wow!
Are we there yet?
Whoa.
Look at all that.
Now that's
what I call a harbor.
I've seen
worse, if you ask me.
Welcome to Big Harbor.
It's very nice to be here.
Well, thank you.
See you later.
The big city.
I reckon if there's
any food here.
Are you kidding?
Look over there!
First come,
first served!
Ow!
Okay, listen up. It's important
that we stay together.
Huh?
Hi. Are you that dude
they call Elias?
Yeah, sure am.
We dig you.
- Yeah.
- Both of us.
Uh, by the way, Elias,
now that you're a star, well...
Remember to keep your feet
on the ground.
Or your bow in the water,
got it?
Bye, Elias.
Good luck!
Uh, you're Elias, right?
Uh, yeah.
How did you know that?
Uh, hello.
You're, like, so trending
right now!
Well, oh, well.
- Wow.
- Oh.
How was it like
out there in the storm,
all alone?
Well, I was just doing my job.
Oh! Can we take a selfie?
Uh, sure.
Huh?
Hey!
Closer. Closer.
- Closer. Closer. Closer.
- Look at me!
Elias, look here!
This is gonna get
like 300 likes...
Now, now, small boats, you
have to leave our hero alone.
So nice that you could come.
We have arranged
a little reception for you.
Huh?
- Putting his own safety at risk...
- Wow.
...he went out
into the storm
and rescued Vinnie.
So, Elias, in honor
of your bravery
and to show our deep appreciation
of this achievement,
I have the pleasure on behalf of Big Harbor...
...to present to you
this special fender.
This fender is presented
in accordance with the guidelines
of Harbor and Safety regulations.
Is the fender received?
Assignment completed.
Hey, Elias.
Great you could
take that assignment for me.
My pleasure.
You're Gerald, right?
Big Harbor's very own
rescue boat at your service.
I've been in for repairs
a bit too often lately.
It's hard work, you know,
being a rescue boat
in a city like Big Harbor.
Yes, for sure.
Yeah, yeah, well, you come and say
hello if you're ever in town again.
Sure. I'll do that.
What's up?
I'm asking you
what's happening.
Nice fender.
Thanks. I just got it
for rescuing a boat.
Ooh. Respect.
Do you wanna take a photo?
Photo of what?
Uh, me and you.
Are you
full of yourself or something?
Sorry. I just thought
that's what you do around here.
You're cute.
Cute?
Okay, selfie.
Ah.
My name is Stella.
Elias.
See you later, rescue boy,
if you're ever in town again.
I just might be.
Elias.
Yes, ma'am?
There's something
I'd like to talk to you about.
Come with me.
Well, okay.
Do you like Big Harbor?
Oh, yes, ma'am. Very much.
Well, you know, I think
Big Harbor likes you too.
Hi.
Do you think so?
I do.
And Big Harbor
needs a hero.
We already have
a rescue boat, Gerald.
Yes, he's very nice.
But we need a faster boat,
one that
understands young people,
one that everyone
can look up to,
one not in need of repairs
al the time.
Someone like that
is hard to find.
Indeed.
But now, we have found
that someone.
Oh?
You.
Me?
Yes, Elias.
I wanted to give you
a big surprise,
but as well as that, I
wanted to make you an offer.
So...
What? What is it?
Young Elias,
will you be the new rescue
boat in Big Harbor?
Oh. Uh...
What about Cosy Cove?
I am going to pick up some cargo,
and then, head north tomorrow.
I shall expect an answer
from you by then.
Ship ahoy.
Wow.
Quite an offer.
I'd grab that
with both fenders, Elias.
Really? Would you?
Everyone was talking about you
at the party.
You are a hero, Elias.
You could be the biggest fish
of them all.
Did someone say "fish"?
You know, you got to make
the most of the chances you get.
Just ask Trawler.
Ask him about Brazil.
Trawler?
Trawler!
Huh?
Excuse me,
but Cruiser was saying...
Get it out, boy. Has a
crab got your tongue?
Uh, Brazil.
What about Brazil?
I don't know anything
about Brazil.
Uh, it was just that Cruiser
said I should ask you about...
- Cha-cha-cha, samba!
- Hello?
- Oh, amazing.
- Trawler?
Yeah, well, I was once asked
to go to Brazil to fish,
but I never did go.
I stayed in Cosy Cove
and fished for herring.
That's how it was,
and that's how it is.
Well, now I have to go to sleep
and rest up for tomorrow.
Oh. Okay. Good night.
Brazil...
Huh?
Stella.
Hello, sailor boy.
Whoo!
Uh... I...
I just wanna say
it was nice meeting you.
- And...
- And?
Nothing.
What's up?
So, this is my gang.
This is Brenda.
Uh, hi there.
Hey, there, you.
And this is Racer
and Speedster.
- Yo.
- They're twins.
Bro!
And last,
but certainly not slowest,
Flash.
Wow.
Wanna join us
for a little tour?
Uh, I don't know.
I should stay here
and take care of my friends.
Uh, big boss.
You're not one of those
goody-two-shoes, are you?
Me?
No, of course not.
Hey, what's up?
You'll be all right.
You gotta see the city.
Uh, I've already
seen some parts.
But not
the cool parts.
Yo, let's go.
♪ The baddest boat around
♪ Shades on
The fattest sound ♪
♪ Come along, everybody, come
♪ Got something to say?
Bring it on, yeah ♪
♪ No matter who I meet
They're all wimps ♪
♪ Check it, yeah, I say, uh
♪ Took a while for me
To come up ♪
♪ With my homie
Beat box Brenda ♪
♪ Everybody know
Who got game there ♪
♪ Bad done it
Get it in your face, yeah ♪
♪ My rhymes
Will break you down ♪
♪ I'm a king
I don't really need no crown ♪
♪ What? You barely float
I'm blazing ♪
♪ You're doing so-so
I'm amazing ♪
♪ You're chunky
And I'm slim and fit ♪
♪ Don't mess around
You'll regret it ♪
♪ Yeah
♪ In the city
♪ We're always
Keepin' it gritty ♪
♪ You know
Life's so sweet, really ♪
♪ Big Harbor is the chillest
Big Harbor is the chillest ♪
♪ You get it?
♪ Teeny-tiny boat
Teeny-tiny boat ♪
♪ You get it?
♪ Teeny-tiny boat
Teeny-tiny boat ♪
♪ You get it?
♪ Teeny-tiny boat
Teeny-tiny boat ♪
♪ You get it?
♪ Teeny-tiny boat
Teeny-tiny boat ♪
Oi!
It's my fish, Gill!
Whoa.
- Hey, what'd you do that for?
- Hi, Elias.
We've been here long enough.
Can we go home now?
Uh, not yet.
I have to do something first.
Okay. We'll go on ahead.
You follow us later, all right?
Yeah,
I'll be along soon.
I promise.
A wise
decision, Elias.
Look, Big Harbor.
If you can make it here,
you can...
Well, you can make it
both here and there.
I have to leave soon to go
north, so we haven't much time.
Bah!
Now, don't take that tone,
Gerald.
We already agreed
that this is for the best.
You agreed.
Where are you headed?
Away
from Big Harbor.
They no longer have
any use for me around here.
But I thought we were
going to work together.
Oh, no. Nope.
You're on your own now, Elias.
Huh?
Now, watch out
for your motor.
It can get burned out.
Oh.
Come now, Elias.
You have a lot to learn.
Whoa!
Watch where
you are going!
I think you'd make
a very good rescue boat,
but you will soon discover there's
a lot more to handle in this town.
Hi!
Meh.
Rescue work
is extremely important,
but preventative work
is just as important.
Do you know what
"preventative" means, Elias?
Uh, no.
In addition to getting
boats out of trouble,
you have to make sure that they don't
get into trouble in the first instance.
I see.
- Oi, look out!
- Whoa!
- Hey, are you trying to squash me or something?
- Squash you?
- I just said not to pull the chain!
- Jerk!
Now, now, boys.
Calm down.
Look at you, you jerk.
Solve the little problems before
they become big problems.
Do you understand?
Yeah, ma'am.
Keep your eyes open.
Stay alert.
That's Spanish.
You have to know a little bit of
every language here in this...
Whoa!
Whoa! You're supposed
to navigate around the buoys?
Elias, this is Bobby,
the navigation buoy.
Bobby, this is our
new rescue boat.
We've met before.
Rescue boat?
Huh?
Rescue boat.
You are a rescue boat. Ha.
An actual fact.
Okay. Sorry about that.
Uh, no.
Come along. We have to prepare
for your life in the city.
- Okay.
- This is not gonna end well.
Ugh.
- Ah, that's better!
- Yuck.
Don't worry.
You are in good hands.
Oh! Hey!
Whoa.
Ta-da!
Yes. Well, I have to pick up
some more cargo and then...
Are you
leaving already?
Vinnie's cargo
has to be delivered.
Vinnie? What sort of
cargo does he carry?
That was
a very direct question.
In the transport business,
one doesn't ask.
One follows orders.
Uh, okay.
Look, you need to
hurry over to the marina.
There's been an incident.
I'm on it.
Splendid.
We're counting on you.
Ship ahoy.
Yeah.
Hey!
Careful. You gotta watch out.
And stay close together.
Ah!
Hey! Slow down.
Are you serious?
There's a five-knot speed limit
inside the harbor.
Oh, sorry. Sorry.
Was I, uh, going
a little too fast, perhaps?
Yes. Don't let that
happen again. Okay?
Mmm-hmm.
Whoa. Hey, you!
Look out!
Whoa!
Oh. Sorry, I didn't see her.
Oh, boy,
that was really close.
Hey, thanks.
I was just listening
to some loud music.
Ah!
♪ Sunshine
Taking over me... ♪
Hey, guys.
Do you have to argue
all the time?
If you try to cooperate,
you'll get twice as much done.
- Well...
- Cooperate?
You may have something here.
Sounds like a good idea.
Great. See you tomorrow then.
Have a good day.
Calling Elias.
Calling Elias!
Uh, yes, Elias here.
Is everything okay?
Uh, yes, ma'am.
No problem.
Very good.
Now, you have to go
to the fish warehouse
and help a boat
who is stuck in the gate.
Sure. I'm on my way.
Uh, fish warehouse.
Fish warehouse.
Fish ware...
- Ow!
- Hey!
Sorry!
Are you the boat who called
for emergency rescue?
Genius!
You managed to figure
that out on your own?
Why don't you just
go get Gerald?
Uh, Gerald doesn't work
in Big Harbor anymore.
So who is his replacement?
Me.
You? Are you
some kind of intern?
No, I am the new rescue boat.
Well, I can't
stay here all day.
Help me!
Okay.
It's too late to get
Gerald back, I suppose?
Ready? Here!
And pull!
Now you have to reverse.
Ugh. Think I don't know that?
- And a heave!
- And a ho!
Yuck.
Mmm! Did you order takeaway?
Huh? No.
But something
sure does smell good.
It smells delicious,
if you ask me.
Phew! Let me tell ya.
You know what?
If only I had fingers,
I'd be holding my nose.
Hi there.
Oh, uh, hi.
I thought you were gone.
No. I'll be staying around.
I'm the new rescue boat
here in Big Harbor.
Respect.
Uh...
- Tough day?
- Not really.
Let's go for
a little cruise then.
Well, the Queen
of the Sea said
I had to make sure
I got enough sleep.
Boring.
Yes. But I am the new
rescue boat around here.
- And you know what else you are?
- No.
The smelliest, stinkiest boat
in Big Harbor.
Ugh.
Come on, my little bacalhau.
I know how you can
get rid of that smell.
Check this out.
Look at those lazy things.
I've seen garden hoses
with more water.
Can't even
dampen a stamp.
Less energy than a boy band.
Is this really very wise?
They're getting pretty angry.
I will get you back
for this, Stella.
Thanks for the shower.
And now
that you're all clean,
you gotta come out to the
town with me. Right?
Well, what about my work?
Listen, did I already tell you
about my two other boat friends?
No.
Billy Bob and Little Jane.
Two cool boats who came here
looking for happiness.
- What happened?
- The nicest boats you could imagine.
They were part of the gang.
Then one day,
they were just gone.
But boats don't just vanish
into thin air.
My point is, no one knows
what tomorrow will bring.
That's why
I want to live for today.
I could be gone tomorrow.
Come on!
Oh.
Hi.
Yo, what do we have here?
Looks like
a little rescue boat.
Whoa, I feel safer already.
Relax. He's cool.
Where's the party?
The party is where we make it.
All right.
♪ The baddest boat around
This town never sleeps!
♪ Got something to say?
Bring it on, yeah ♪
♪ No matter who I meet
They're all wimps ♪
♪ Check it, can I say
Yeah!
Hey!
Wow. I don't even think Swifty
could do a trick like that.
♪ You get it?
♪ Teeny-tiny boat
Teeny-tiny boat ♪
♪ You get it?
It almost looks
like the aurora borealis.
Hmm.
Huh?
Hello?
Uh...
What are you up to, eh?
Well, if it ain't the town's
new rescue boat.
Uh...
Rescue boat,
or "res-cue ball," huh?
I say let's find out.
Uh...
Hey, what's going on here?
He can't swim.
Help him.
Help the kid.
Grabber!
Now!
Before it's too late.
Okay.
Did you have yourself
a nice bath?
Don't go drowning on us now.
If you wanna save yourself,
little rescue boat,
stay away from this
side of the harbor!
Hey. Hmm?
You okay?
Yeah.
I ran into Vinnie
and the others.
They're up to something
for sure.
I told you before
to stay away from Vinnie.
Promise me you will.
Okay. I promise.
Come on, sweet cheeks.
I'm gonna sleep here.
No chance of that
around here.
Turn off that music!
I say!
And if the music continues,
then you will all be
expelled from the harbor
on the authority of Queen
of the Sea and Big Harbor.
Well? Understood?
No more music.
The party is over!
Elias?
Uh, yes.
What are you doing here?
Me? Uh, I was just passing by.
Stella...
This is what I like
about the city, Gull.
There's always
something going on.
We cannot tolerate a rescue boat who
hangs out with the town's riffraff.
Uh, no, ma'am.
Have you lost your mind!
What has happened
to you, Elias?
I'll give you one more chance,
just one more chance
to show me that I have not
made a mistake in choosing you.
- Yes, ma'am.
- Now, do your job, and clean yourself up.
- Oh, of course.
- I don't have time for this.
I must be off.
No more of this LOL or ROFL or
whatever it is you kids are doing.
Ship ahoy.
Uh, ma'am?
Just a minute, please.
You said that part of my job was to
keep my eyes open and stay alert.
And?
What is your point?
I'm in a hurry.
I have work to do.
I think that, uh, Vinnie and his
friends are up to something.
You do, do you?
What?
Uh, I'm not quite sure, but...
Well, then, let's go
and ask them.
Hey! You guys be careful
with those crates here.
What is it this time?
Elias seems to think that
you boys are up to something.
Hmm?
- What do you mean?
- What, us?
These are
honest businessmen.
You don't think for a moment
that I would do business
with goons?
No, ma'am.
- But Stella said...
- Stella?
Stella?
That gang of troublemakers?
Good thing that
Vinnie broke away from them.
Isn't that right?
Mm-hmm.
- Uh...
- Remember, one more chance.
Now, go, get
a good night's sleep
so you are refreshed and ready
for work tomorrow.
- Okay, ma'am.
- Ship ahoy.
Hoist to lift.
That's it. A little higher.
Yep. Yeah. Higher.
Elias!
Hi.
Uh, where are the others?
Uh, decided to cool
it a bit after we got busted.
Phew!
I meant to say,
uh, good idea.
But we could do something.
You know, just you and me?
Well, I don't know.
- I have to get my sleep, and I'm up early...
- Hey.
Don't you like me?
Yes, I do.
A whole lot.
- A whole lot?
- But the Queen of the Sea said that...
You like me a whole lot?
Yes.
Like, you're okay.
Uh, a lot okay.
Come on, then.
- Hi there!
- I'll race ya.
♪ Strangers think
Love can seem so easy ♪
♪ When it's just a fling
♪ And nothing comes
For free, girl... ♪
Whoo!
♪ Baby, you amaze me
♪ I'm on my knees
♪ I'm begging you
Girl, please don't go ♪
I'm the king of the world!
♪ Don't want to
Think about ya ♪
♪ You know I'm not over ya
♪ I don't wanna fall in love
♪ I heard it can be dangerous
♪ But I don't wanna
Let you go ♪
♪ So I'm betting
On the two of us ♪
♪ We jumped in together
♪ Got nothing to lose
♪ I don't wanna fall in love
♪ But I'm feeling safe
Here with you ♪
Elias! We've been looking
everywhere for you.
- Uh...
- Didn't you get my calls?
Over.
Uh, I've been kind of busy.
A fishing boat has run
aground on Block Reef.
You must go immediately.
Uh, yes, of course.
Over. Understood?
You go on, Elias.
I'll see you a little later.
Now!
Oh. Gotta go.
No... No...
Hey...
No. Help! Help.
What can I do?
You should have been here
hours ago.
That's what you... You could
and should have done!
I can tow him into shore.
No, you can't
because you are fired.
Huh? What?
Fired?
I had to alter my schedule in order
to take care of things here.
And I never, ever,
I say "ever",
alter my schedule.
Never!
But, I...
By the time I have docked
in Big Harbor,
you will have packed up your
things and left town for good.
And don't even think
about coming back.
But wait!
You have made yourself and
me the laughingstock of the town.
Ship ahoy!
Elias.
You have to remember that
things go up and down in life, Elias.
Elias!
Up... and down.
And up...
And down.
Elias. Where are you?
Uh, I have to go somewhere.
When will you be back?
Uh, I don't know.
Elias.
Oh, Elias.
I hear that you got
an important job in town.
How is it going?
Huh?
Oh.
Why, Elias!
Are you here on a visit?
Yes. I guess you could
call it a visit.
Yeah. Maybe he's finally
come to say goodbye.
Huh? What do you mean?
You said you would follow us,
but then you never did.
Yeah. Well, I'm home now.
So, have you missed having
a rescue boat around here?
Yeah, uh, well, uh...
Hi, Elias.
- Do you know Gerald?
- Yes.
He was the rescue boat
in Big Harbor,
but, uh...
He got... He got fired.
Aren't you in Big Harbor?
Uh, yeah,
but I'd rather
work here instead.
Heh! Well, that
would be difficult
as I am the rescue boat
around here now.
Oh. Okay. Uh, I see.
That's great news.
Uh...
No, Swifty,
you can't come with me.
Huh?
You have to stay here.
Remember, Elias,
one must never forget
one's friends.
And you know, sometimes
it is okay to apologize.
Yeah? Well, I'm looking
forward to when they do.
Hmm.
Elias, what are you
doing out here?
Can I stay out here
for a few days?
Of course. But didn't you
move to Big Harbor?
Yeah, but now
I've moved back home.
Well, not home exactly.
I'm obviously
not welcome there either.
In Cosy Cove?
Why not?
It seems Swifty and Dippy
have found a new friend.
You need anything?
No. No, I'm fine.
Whoa!
What was that for?
Just checking to see
if you were alive.
You have been lying there for days.
You have to do something.
I don't have to
do anything.
That's the good thing
about getting fired.
But you've been hanging around so long,
you have algae growing on your fender.
Okay, fine.
Maybe I will do something.
So what are you gonna do?
I wish I never came
out here to rescue Vinnie.
Huh?
What's he doing here?
Hmm.
Now, Vinnie, let's just see
what you're up to.
Oh, maybe this wasn't
such a good idea.
I wouldn't like to be here
on high tide.
Oh.
Up. All the way up.
Ah.
Okay. Pull 'em up.
Little chain. That's enough.
Hold is pretty full.
The tide is about to turn.
Yeah.
Hmm.
Okay,
I'm outta here.
What about this one?
Come on.
Get that last crate onboard.
Okay.
- Oh, dear.
- Who's there?
Uh... Uh...
Phew.
Are you sure?
The Black Hole?
No one goes in there willingly.
And they say it's only
possible during low tide.
What happens if you're
in there at high tide?
Then you will be
skewered on the rocks
which hang from the ceiling like dragons' teeth.
They are called stalactites.
But why would anyone
wanna go in there?
There are rumors that there
is a precious metal in there.
Norwegium.
Valuable and rare.
And stronger than steel.
Oh! Oh! Can I get some
for my wheels?
No.
It's against the law
to mine Norwegium.
Oh.
The metal is so powerful that
if you remove it from the rock,
it creates
electromagnetic radiation.
I get it.
That's what stopped
my radio working.
Not only that,
the Norwegium can
influence the weather
and destroy
the atmospheric balance
in such a way
the aurora borealis vanishes.
Do you think Vinnie
is mining Norwegium?
Oh, no, no, no.
I don't think so.
No, he's much too big
to work in there.
Hmm. Strange though.
I have to get
to the bottom of this.
To the bottom?
That doesn't
sound so good.
But you can't do it
on your own.
Well, it looks
like I have to.
There's no one else
who can help me.
Be careful, Elias.
Hmm.
Why can't he just apologize
to his friends.
Yeah. Now, if it were
only that simple.
But it is.
Perhaps, Trolley. Perhaps.
Coast is clear.
Okay. I'll send
a new delivery tomorrow.
Come on.
Fill it all the way up.
Move it, will ya?
Yep. Job's almost finished.
Just a few more crates to go.
Okay, that's it.
I tell ya,
that Queen of the Sea
is so full of herself,
she won't suspect a thing.
Yeah, that's right, boss.
That ol' busybody,
she ain't got a clue.
Hmm.
- What was that?
- Huh?
Is there anything?
Hello?
Eh!
Sweet dreams.
Sleep tight, old man.
Huh?
Stella?
Oh, it's just you.
Just me?
You really are something.
I didn't think you're the
kind to just run off.
Oh, well...
I lost my job.
So what? That's no reason
to run away.
No. I'm sorry.
I didn't think
you'd want to see me again
because I'm such a jerk.
You could have
at least said goodbye.
I missed you.
I don't like it when
friends disappear, Elias.
I told you about Little Jane
and Billy Bob.
Yes, you did.
And I know where they are.
In there?
We're going in there?
It's okay
as long as it's ebb tide.
You know, that's when
the tide is at its lowest.
I know what ebb tides are,
ka-boom.
Of course.
Sorry.
So, uh, did you
really miss me?
Uh, depends what you
mean by "miss."
Huh?
It's time.
Okay, let's do it.
Are you scared?
Mmm-mmm.
Good, because there's nothing
in here to be scared of.
Ow!
That was just a bat.
Nothing to worry about.
Oh, I could see that.
This is where they were.
Billy Bob?
Little Jane?
Are you in there?
Hello? No one's here.
Boy...
...we sure are lucky
to have a boss like Vinnie.
I mean,
he treats us real nice.
We sure are.
- He lets us work here all day and all night...
- Hello?
...to save up for a vacation
to the whole wide world.
Uh, hey, Little
Jane, how about we take five?
Sure, we can do that.
- Billy Bob? Little Jane?
- Huh?
Oh, Stella!
What are you doing here?
No, what are you doing here?
Working for Vinnie,
of course.
Yes, but you are also
drilling for Norwegium.
And that's illegal.
- Is it?
- What?
No, there must be
some mistake.
But...
But you're in chains.
Oh, no. They're for
our own safety.
And Vinnie pays our salary
into our account, and...
And we're getting
a vacation bonus too.
- We've been duped.
- There's probably no retirement fund either.
Yeah, you should go
and ask Vinnie about that.
We can't.
We're chained down here.
I'll go and get help.
I promise.
We'll be right back, okay?
What'll we do?
Now, she has to believe us.
Oh. I should have known
it was you.
Go away. I'm having
my afternoon snooze.
I'm sorry that
I woke you up, ma'am,
but we need your help.
There are two boats that
have been taken prisoners...
Haven't I told you already?
You are not welcome back.
Please, listen.
Vinnie and his gang
are smuggling Norwegium.
And you are helping them.
How very dare you?
Have you no shame?
Do you think this nonsense will
help you get your job back?
- Just go away!
- Yes, I mean, no, but...
And take that little
rubble rouser with you.
- Huh?
- Hey!
And if I hear you repeat
these absurd accusations,
either here or in Cosy Cove,
I will make certain that you
are reduced to splinters.
- Huh?
- Ship ahoy.
Now what do we do.
We have
one last option.
So, suddenly
we're good enough for you.
Can we forget about that argument
now and rescue Stella's friends?
- You can apologize later.
- What?
We apologize?
Huh?
Will you
help us or not?
Please, we have to know now.
No one else
can help?
You, Swifty, and Helinor are
the only ones I can trust.
The others might tell
the Queen of the Sea,
and I will be
reduced to splinters.
See if I care.
Huh?
Okay, then. We're in.
But we need more help.
Well, you know what?
Elias isn't the only one who
has friends he can count on.
Brenda, proceed with Plan B.
- Yo, old wreck!
- Rusty old wreck!
Huh?
Yeah, whatever.
- Hey, dude.
- Move it, you tubs!
Out for a cruise?
Out of my way!
Hey! Move!
You hear me? Hey!
Will you turn off
that stupid music?
Sorry, I can't hear you.
Music is way too loud, dude.
- We're going in.
- Mmm-hmm.
Hey!
You came back.
And we brought Dippy along.
She can drill
through your chains.
Catch you later.
Soon, you'll be free.
All right!
Hey! Aw, man!
Get off my brother!
Oh, I'm so sorry.
I didn't see you down there.
- That was not cool.
- Not at all cool, brother.
Not cool?
Sure it is!
Out of my way!
Come on, Dippy.
Come on.
You can do it!
This is gonna take time.
There's Norwegium in the rock,
almost impossible to drill.
Vinnie could show up
any minute now.
Don't worry. We already
thought about that.
Huh?
No...
No, please!
I hate fish!
Fish! Food!
Feast!
No more junk food for us!
I love life!
Oh, no,
not the gulls! Please!
Please!
- What?
- A signal from Vinnie.
He must be in trouble.
I really hate fish.
Ugh! What happened
to you, boss?
These dudes
are totally crazy.
We're not the ones who've been
mining Norwegium illegally
and chaining two helpless
boats up in a cave.
But Elias and Dippy are there
right now, freeing them.
Just wait until the Queen of
the Sea hears about this.
- What's with you, boss?
- Yeah.
How could you let yourself
get beat
by a couple of tiny tubs
and a bunch of feathers?
We have to stop 'em!
Everyone will know
what you're up to.
Dippy will have drilled the
chains apart in no time.
What? You're drilling
inside the Black Hole?
Yeah. So what?
The entire cave
will cave in.
Vinnie,
you have to do something.
I hope the cave
can withstand all this.
What was that?
Huh? Oh, no.
Shut your mouth,
Black Hole!
And swallow our secret
while you're at it.
Hey!
What are you doing?
Hey! Not on me.
You'll wreck my paint job.
Vinnie, you have to
make them stop!
Check this out.
Stop!
- Eh?
- This has gone far enough.
I don't want a bunch of little
boats on my conscience.
What's up with you, boss?
We're having a ball here.
You're wrecking our fun.
What's your problem?
Trigger, Grabber!
You two, go back
to Big Harbor.
Now!
Why don't you chill out,
old timer?
Watch this.
Helinor,
use the net!
Help.
Shh. It's gone quiet outside.
The cave is collapsing.
Swifty, take Stella
and get out of here.
Not without you and the others.
They're almost free.
Go! Now!
We'll be right behind you.
Come on, come on.
Swifty, Stella,
where are the others?
Don't give up. Come on!
Come on, everybody,
we can do this.
Oh, we're free!
- We are, we're free.
- Free at last!
Good job, guys.
Unbelievable.
I can't...
We better get out of here,
and fast!
Whoa!
What's goin' on here?
Elias and the others
are inside.
They're going to
be buried alive!
- There you are.
- Thank goodness.
But where is Elias?
Huh? No!
Elias!
Hello?
Can you hear me?
Yes. Hello?
Someone has to help him!
Wait! He rescued me.
Now it's my turn
to rescue him.
Huh?
Elias! Are you in there?
Yes!
Come on, Elias,
before it's too late.
But the opening is too small.
I won't make it.
Lay over on your side.
Slide along my hull.
Come on, do the trick
you've been practicing.
But I've never
been able to get it right.
Well, now might be
a good time to try.
Unbelievable!
Wow!
- Whoo!
- All right!
Elias, you did it.
Ka-boom!
Wow.
Well done, Elias.
Let's get out of here!
Go! Go!
Whoa!
Come on!
- Oh.
- Wow.
Look!
The aurora borealis,
it's come back.
It's so beautiful!
It's so good
to see them again.
It's so beautiful!
Are you going to
eat that herring?
I would like
to apologize to a little boat
who is not so little anymore.
Not once, but twice.
Firstly, because I didn't
believe you, Elias.
Secondly, I want to apologize for
taking you away from Cosy Cove,
because here
is where you belong.
- Yeah!
- Well done!
So, starting tomorrow,
you are once again Cosy Cove's official rescue boat.
And, Gerald,
you are needed
back in Big Harbor.
You have a whole armada
of rescue boats to train.
Oh, yeah. Yeah.
And when you all
come to visit Cosy Cove,
a whole newly renovated harbor
will greet you.
Isn't that right, Vinnie?
At your service, ma'am.
Finally, I have a serious
question to ask all of you.
Huh?
Where's the party?
Say what you like, but they sure
know how to party. Crazy, huh?
♪ Panetoz in the house
And we making it hot ♪
♪ You even knew what
You need to do the afro-pause ♪
♪ So, baby
Dance and pause ♪
♪ Let's dance and pause
♪ We don't care if you're fat
Small or shorty ♪
♪ All you gotta do to the beat
Is shake your body ♪
♪ Baby, dance and pause
♪ Let's dance and pause
♪ You even knew what
You need to do the afro-pause ♪
♪ So, baby
Dance and pause ♪
♪ Let's dance and pause
♪ We don't care if you're fat
Small or shorty ♪
♪ All you gotta do to the beat
Is shake your body ♪
♪ Baby, dance and pause
♪ Let's dance and pause
♪ Here we go again
Here we go again ♪
♪ Here we go
Here we go... ♪
Wow.
Look at the aurora borealis.
So beautiful.
As beautiful as I am?
Come on,
sweet cheeks.
The aurora borealis
is a lot like friendship.
How do you mean?
It can shine brightly,
and it can shine dimly.
And sometimes, you know,
it can even vanish
from our view for a while.
But it is always there,
above the clouds,
only to turn up again
and shine even brighter.
When that happens...
...it is magical.
If I'd gone away
from Cosy Cove,
I'd have missed all this.
Mmm.
♪ The baddest boat around
♪ Shades on
The fattest sound ♪
♪ Come along, everybody, come
♪ Got something to say?
Bring it on, yeah ♪
♪ No matter who I meet
They're all wimps ♪
♪ Check it, yeah, I say
♪ Took a while for me
To come up ♪
♪ With my homie
Beat box Brenda ♪
♪ Everybody know
Who got game there ♪
♪ Bad done it
Get it in your face, yeah ♪
♪ My rhymes
Will break you down ♪
♪ I'm a king
I don't really need no crown ♪
♪ What? You barely float
I'm blazing ♪
♪ You're doing so-so
I'm amazing ♪
♪ You're chunky
And I'm slim and fit ♪
♪ Don't mess around
You'll regret it ♪
♪ Yeah
♪ In the city
♪ We're always
Keepin' it gritty ♪
♪ You know
Life's so sweet, really ♪
♪ Big Harbor is the chillest
Big Harbor is the chillest ♪
♪ In the city
♪ We're always
Keepin' it gritty ♪
♪ You know
Life's so sweet, really ♪
♪ Big Harbor is the chillest
Big Harbor is the chillest ♪
♪ You get it?
♪ Teeny-tiny boat
Teeny-tiny boat ♪
♪ You get it?
♪ Teeny-tiny boat
Teeny-tiny boat ♪
♪ You get it?
♪ Teeny-tiny boat
Teeny-tiny boat ♪
♪ You get it?
♪ Teeny-tiny boat
Teeny-tiny boat ♪
♪ Just, come on
Hicks in town ♪
♪ Works as well
As fish on land ♪
♪ BFF's like fire and rain
♪ Bad game
Bad game ♪
♪ Teeny-tiny boat
Put your speed on ♪
♪ 'Cause we about to party
Party all night long ♪
♪ I smell some
Fire exhaust ♪
♪ We don't do potatoes
Just chips and sauce ♪
♪ Don't mess with me
You better think twice ♪
♪ I've been here in the city
Well all my life ♪
♪ Big Harbor is
The place to be ♪
♪ Suits right
For a bad boy like me ♪
♪ We don't play
We rip it ♪
♪ We never dial
We've been there ♪
♪ Are you stressed out?
Are you freakin'? ♪
♪ Are you sure that you're
Ready for the real thing? ♪
♪ In the city
♪ We're always
Keepin' it gritty ♪
♪ You know
Life's so sweet, really ♪
♪ Big Harbor is the chillest
Big Harbor is the chillest ♪
♪ In the city
♪ We're always
Keepin' it gritty ♪
♪ You know
Life's so sweet, really ♪
♪ Big Harbor is the chillest
Big Harbor is the chillest ♪
♪ You get it?
♪ Teeny-tiny boat
Teeny-tiny boat ♪
♪ You get it?
♪ Teeny-tiny boat
Teeny-tiny boat ♪
♪ You get it?
♪ Teeny-tiny boat
Teeny-tiny boat ♪
♪ You get it?
♪ Teeny-tiny boat
Teeny-tiny boat ♪
Subtitles by explosiveskull
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org